docs: Update index tuning samples to include advanced indexes (#197)
googleapis/langchain-google-alloydb-pg-python: samples/index_tuning_sample/README.md

    python3 index_search.py
    ```

### ScaNN

```python

> class ScaNNIndex(BaseIndex):

Reviewer: Can we use the same format as above?

    index_type: str = "ScaNN"
    num_leaves: int = 5
    quantizer: str = field(
        default="sq8", init=False
    )  # Excludes `quantizer` from initialization currently only supports the value "sq8"

>     def index_options(self) -> str:

Reviewer: Remove and show query options

        """Set index query options for vector store initialization."""
        return f"(num_leaves = {self.num_leaves}, quantizer = {self.quantizer})"
```

For the ScaNN index, the `num_leaves` parameter impacts search recalls:

> - `num_leaves`: the number of partitions to apply to this index. Increaseing `num_leaves` also increases index build time. Check out [this guide](https://cloud.google.com/alloydb/docs/ai/work-with-embeddings#tune-scann) to select a good `num_leaves` number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `num_leaves`: the number of partitions to apply to this index. Increaseing `num_leaves` also increases index build time. To learn more about tuning this parameter, see [Tune a `scann` index](https://cloud.google.com/alloydb/docs/ai/work-with-embeddings#tune-scann).
```
